Update pmm-admin mongodb section for additional flags (#688)
percona/pmm-doc: docs/details/commands/pmm-admin.md

##### Advanced Options

PMM starts the MongoDB exporter by default only with `diagnosticdata` and `replicasetstatus` collectors enabled.

    FLAGS:

    `--enable-all-collectors`
    :  Enable all collectors

    `--disable-collectors`
    :  Comma-separated list of collector names to exclude from exporter

    `--max-collections-limit=-1`

>     :  Disable collstats & indexstats if there are more than <n> collections. 0: No limit, -1: Let PMM automatically set this value.

Reviewer: 1. Replace **&** with **and**
2. Instead of **Let PMM automatically set this value.** could we write **PMM automatically sets this value.**

>     :  Disable collstats & indexstats if there are more than <n> collections. 0: No limit, -1: Let PMM automatically set this value.

Author: ```suggestion
    :  Disable collstats, dbstats, topmetrics and indexstats if there are more than <n> collections. 0: No limit. Default is -1, PMM automatically sets this value.
```

        !!! caution ""

>             To high limit could affect CPU and Memory usage.

Reviewer: I am unable to understand this sentence:

"To high limit could affect CPU and Memory usage."

Reviewer 2: just a suggestion: 
High value for collection limit could impact CPU and Memory Usage on the client node, try using with `--stats-collections` to limit the scope of collections and DB's metrics to be fetched.

>             Too high limit of `max-collections-limit` could impact the CPU and Memory usage. Check `--stats-collections` to limit the scope of collections and DB's metrics to be fetched.

Reviewer: Could rephrase as:

A very high limit of `max-collections-limit` could impact the CPU and Memory usage. Check `--stats-collections` to limit the scope of collections and DB's metrics to be fetched.

Author: ```suggestion
            A very high limit of `max-collections-limit` could impact the CPU and Memory usage. Check `--stats-collections` to limit the scope of collections and DB's metrics to be fetched.
```

###### Limit dbStats, collStats and indexStats

> By default PMM decides what limit to set for the number of collections to monitor for the collStats and indexStats collectors. 

Reviewer 3: Maybe it's mentioned in another place, but: how will the user know that as for now, by default, these collectors are OFF and --max-collections-limit flag will have no effect until you Enable all collectors?

Author: above there is mention `PMM starts the MongoDB exporter by default only with `diagnosticdata` and `replicasetstatus` collectors enabled.`

but we overall maybe need to have some table in the start of the section - what collectors exist, what they do and which are enabled by default.

Reviewer 3: Ok. good to know if this was mentioned. 
This is not a good place to mention what's on what's OFF by default.  

We can add later some Advanced Architecture page  (and migrate our "3 resolution "  page   from the confluence )

> By default PMM decides what limit to set for the number of collections to monitor for the collStats and indexStats collectors. 

Reviewer: We could rephrase as below:

BY default, PMM decides the limit for the number of collections to monitor for the collStats and indexStats collectors.

> If you decide to set another limit you could do that with `--max-collections-limit` parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also set an additional limit for the collStats and indexStats collectors with the --max-collections-limit parameter.
```

Reviewer 2: why are we saying limit only applies to collstats and indexStats, it applies to all four `collstats`, `dbstats`, `indexstats`, and `topmetrics`

Author: @JiriCtvrtka what is the right behavior ?

Reviewer 4: @denisok Yes after Puneets correction it is fine.

> If you decide to set another limit you could do that with `--max-collections-limit` parameter.

Reviewer: We could also rephrase as follows:

You can also set an additional limit for the collStats and indexStats collectors with the `--max-collections-limit` parameter.

Set the value of the parameter `--max-collections-limit` to:

- 0: which indicates that collStats and indexStats can handle unlimited collections.
- n, which indicates that collStats and indexStats can handle <=n collections. If the limit is crossed - exporter stops collecting monitoring data for the collStats and indexStats collectors.

> - -1 (default) doesn't need to be explicitly set, it indicates that PMM decides how many collections it would monitor, currently <=200 (subject to change).

Reviewer: rephrase:

-1 (default) doesn't need to be explicitly set. It indicates that PMM decides how many collections it would monitor, currently <=200 (subject to change).

Author: ```suggestion
- -1 (default) doesn't need to be explicitly set, it indicates that PMM decides how many collections it would monitor, currently <=200 (subject to change).
```

Author: ```suggestion
- -1 (default) doesn't need to be explicitly set. It indicates that PMM decides how many collections it would monitor, currently <=200 (subject to change).
```

> - -1 (default) don't need to be explicitly set, indicates that PMM decides how many collections it would monitor, currenlty <=200, but subject to change.

Reviewer: -1 (default) doesn't need to be explicitly set, indicates that PMM decides how many collections it would monitor, currently <=200, but subject to change.

To further limit collections to monitor, enable collStats and indexStats for some databases or collections:
 
- Specify the databases and collections that collStats and indexStats will use to collect data using the parameter `--stats-collections`. This parameter receives a comma-separated list of namespaces in the form `database[.collection]`.

###### Examples

To add MongoDB with all collectors (`diagnosticdata`, `replicasetstatus`, `collstats`, `dbstats`, `indexstats`, and `topmetrics`) with default limit detected by PMM (currently <=200 collections, but subject to change):

`pmm-admin add mongodb --username=admin --password=admin_pass --enable-all-collectors mongodb_srv_1 127.0.0.1:27017`

> Same as above (all collectors) but increase limit:

Reviewer: To add MongoDB with all collectors (`diagnosticdata`, `replicasetstatus`, `collstats`, `dbstats`, `indexstats`, and `topmetrics`) with max-collections-limit set to 1000

`pmm-admin add mongodb --username=admin --password=admin_pass --enable-all-collectors --max-collections-limit=1000 mongodb_srv_1 127.0.0.1:27017`

> All collectors enabled and unlimited number of collections would be monitored:

Author: @Nailya could you please check if we check those examples and if some are missed?

Author: @puneet0191 could you please check the examples and flags? we need to merge today.

> All collectors enabled and unlimited number of collections would be monitored:

Reviewer: All collectors enabled, and an unlimited number of collections monitored

`pmm-admin add mongodb --username=admin --password=admin_pass --enable-all-collectors --max-collections-limit=0 mongodb_srv_1 127.0.0.1:27017`

To add MongoDB with default collectors (`diagnosticdata` and `replicasetstatus`):

`pmm-admin add mongodb --username=admin --password=admin_pass mongodb_srv_1 127.0.0.1:27017`

> Disable `collstats` collector and enable all others without limit (`diagnosticdata`, `replicasetstatus`, `dbstats`, `indexstats`, and `topmetrics`):

Reviewer: Disable `collstats` collector and enable all the others with max-collections-limit set to 0:

> Disable `collstats` collector and enable all others without limit (`diagnosticdata`, `replicasetstatus`, `dbstats`, `indexstats`, and `topmetrics`):

Reviewer: Disable `collstats` collector and enable all the others without limiting max-collections-limit

|db1| All the collections|
|db2| **Only** for collection col1|

> Enable all collectors and limit monitoring for the `dbstats` and `indexstats` to all collections in `db1` and for `col1` collection in `db2`, no limit for number of collection in `db1`:

Reviewer: Enable all collectors and limit monitoring for `dbstats` and `indexstats` to all collections in `db1` and `col1` collection in `db2`, without limiting max-collections-limit for a number of collections in `db1`:

> Enable all collectors and limit monitoring for the `dbstats` and `indexstats` to all collections in `db1` and for `col1` collection in `db2`, no limit for number of collection in `db1`:

Reviewer 2: why only dbstats and indexstats, this example applies for collecting all collectors, there isn't any disable-collectors flag used here.

Author: @JiriCtvrtka could you please confirm ?

Reviewer 4: `pmm-admin add mongodb --username=admin --password=admin_pass --enable-all-collectors --max-collections-limit=0 --disable-collectors=collstats mongodb_srv_1 127.0.0.1:27017`

If `--stats-collections=db1,db2.col1` then the collectors are run as follows:

|Database|Collector is run on|
|-----|-----|
|db1| All the collections|
|db2| **Only** for collection col1|

Enable all collectors and limit monitoring for `dbstats` and `indexstats` to all collections in `db1` and `col1` collection in `db2`, without limiting `max-collections-limit` for a number of collections in `db1`:

I think it should be:
Enable all collectors and limit monitoring for `dbstats` and `indexstats` and `topmetrics` to all collections in `db1` and `col1` collection in `db2`, without limiting `max-collections-limit` for a number of collections in `db1`:
